Copyright 1993, 1993 by Anthony Howe.  All rights reserved.  No warranty.

The Author, Anthony Howe, has placed all versions prior to April
1993 of Anthony's Editor, hereon refered to as AE, into the Public
Domain.  All subsequent releases of AE, starting from April 1993, 
to the present date, will be subject to Copyright and this License
Agreement.

This License Agreement is similar, but not identical, to the GNU Public
Licence Agreement.


COPYING POLICES

   1.	You may use, copy, and distribute verbatim copies of AE source
	code as you received it, in any medium, provided that you:

	   a)   retain in each file of the distribution and the
		generated executables, a valid Copyright notice
		"Copyright 1993, 1993 by Anthony Howe.  All rights
		reserved." (or whatever years are appropriate); and

	   b)   a notice stating the presence or lack of any warranty 
		should also appear following the Copyright; and

	   c)   provide any other recipients of this software a copy
		of this notice that explains the software's status; and

	   d)   may charge a distribution fee for the physical act of
		transferring a copy.

   2.   You may modify your copy or copies of AE source code or any
	portion of it, and copy and distribute such modifications
	under the terms of Paragraph 1 above, provided that you also
	do the following:

	   a)   cause the modified files to carry prominent notices
		stating that you changed the files and the date of any
		change; and

	   b)   cause the whole of any work that you distribute or
		publish, that in whole or in part contains or is a
		derivative of AE or any part thereof, to be licensed
		at no charge to all third parties on terms identical
		to those contained in this License Agreement; and

	   c)	you may at your option offer warranty protection in
		exchange for a fee.

   3.   You may use, copy, and distribute AE in object or executable
	form under the terms of Paragraphs 1 and 2 above provided that
	you also do one of the following:

	   a)   accompany it with the complete corresponding machine-
		readable source code, which must be distributed under
		the terms of Paragraphs 1 and 2 above; or

	   b)	accompany it with a written offer, valid for at least
		three (3) years, to give any third party free (except
		for nominal shipping charge) a complete machine-readable
		copy of the corresponding source to be distributed under
                the terms of Paragraphs 1 and 2 above; or

	   c)   accompany it with the information you received as to
		where the corresponding source code may be obtained.
		(This alternative is allowed only for noncommercial
		distribution and only if you received the program in
		object code or executable form alone.)

   4.   You may not copy, sublicense, distribute, or transfer AE
	except as expressly provided under this License Agreement.
	Any attempt otherwise to copy, sublicense, distribute, or
	transfer AE is void and your rights to use AE under this
	License Agreement shall be automatically terminated.  However,
	parties who have received computer software programs from you
	with this License Agreement will not have their licenses
	terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance.

   5.   You may incorporate parts of AE into other programs whose
	distribution conditions are different provided both source
	code and documentation acknowledge the contributions made by
	the Author with a notice "Portions of this code derivied from
	Anthony's Editor.  Copyright 1993, 1993 by Anthony Howe." (or
	whatever years are appropriate).

   6.   Mere aggregation of other unrelated programs with this program
	(or its derivative) on a volume of a storage or distribution
	medium (such as archive collections) does not bring the other
	programs under the scope of these terms.


NO WARRANTY

Because AE is licensed free of charge, we provide absolutely no
warranty, to the extent permitted by applicable state law.  Except
when otherwise stated in writing, the Author and/or other parties
provide AE "as is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or
implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of
merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.  The entire risk
as to the quality and performance of the program is with you.  Should
the AE program prove defective, you assume the cost of all necessary
servicing, repair, or correction.

In no event unless required by applicable law will the Author and/or
any other party who may modify and redistribute AE as permitted above,
be liable to you for damages, including any lost profits, lost monies,
or other special, incidental or consequential damages arising out of
the use or inability to use (including but not limited to loss of data
or data being rendered inaccurate or losses sustained by third parties
or a failure of the program to operate with programs not distributed
by the Author) the program, even if you have been advised of the
possibility of such damages, or for any claim by any other party.

